let's get into the show so the first
topic is Marx and it is do you believe
in steel GI Mt dig notably that these
are the only teams in na LCS that are 5
and 1 I believe right right and for the
most part you can kind of throw CLG out
of this discussion I just included them
in there because they're 5 and 1 but I
think most people are kind of the
opinion that yeah they're pretty
legitimate so I think if we want to
gloss over Ceylon so not something they
want to say sure but the bigger question
is do you believe in a mortal tinting
the toss because based off what we sell
last lit these guys with a 6 7 place
team there were some changes on both
these rosters but not enough to make you
think that there's suddenly two of the
best teams in the league most likely and
immortals does have good wins over c9
and TSM so you can't really blame your
strength of schedule Dignitas eat TSM as
well I think I remember so they also
have a decent wind I think they're hard
week is next week when they play
immortals in c9 or CLG or something so
it's still like a little out in the air
but I wanted to know what you guys think
and if you are actually like ready to
buy in on a mortal Signet ah hype and
mortals is really weird to me I don't I
feel badly saying about this like don't
really buy into the Dignitas pipe just
because even though they have looked
better I still think they're overly
reliant on one way of winning which is
pretty much someday kind of hard
carrying them until they show me
something different I think I'll always
have that feeling about them because I
remember I had that feeling about them
in playoff 2 and everyone in the spring
and everyone was like Emily what are you
talking about they look so much better
and it's like what they still really
only have one way to win and then they
got stumps are kind of stomped in in
their quarterfinal series so on a that's
what makes me
I guess nervous isn't the right word but
like that's what makes me not buy into
Dignitas on the whole I think that
everyone kind of looked pretty rough in
week one even CLG like that I keep going
back from that c9 CLG serious but man
that was sad um and it's so like I think
dignitas is when there is a little like
not to take away what they'd be envied
and fly quests so then the TSM when in
week two is really what you're what
you're looking at and that same week
they went one to two liquid so um I
think CLG is the team that I have the
most confidence in right now on in the
words of Star doc who I talked to this
past weekend and it's going to be in an
article so I don't mind saying it but
he's basically just like we're playing
like hot fire garbage right now and
still winning so once we actually start
like improving beyond this we're going
to be really good and so I really like
their attitude and I think they have I
hate to use the P word but a lot of
potential to be a good team I know ray
like I hate it I hate it I can't think
of another synonym to use um predict
real quick before we move on to far from
them do you think like the addition of
shrimp makes a big difference because
they did swap out shrimp and big from
last season if you like shrimp actually
um but I going with you yeah like I
think it gives me a little bit more hope
that they'll be able to do a few
different things because obviously
shrimp is a different style junglers and
chasers uh and I don't think for
whatever is new chaser was really
working out unfortunately um so I mean
I'm like I'm not as weird as it sounds
I'm not as down on them as I was last
split it's kind of just a let's wait and
see how the rest of the team shake out
and how they end up stacking up because
I think they've had some pretty good
games and then some pretty rusty and
yes I feel like the big elephant
Lorena's it's just that you don't want
to call any team actually good and so
you decide that TSM is just going to be
bad you know so which pretty much no one
is going to decide so you're in a
holding pattern waiting for TSM and
that's kind of where we are I feel
pretty good about things sealed she's
good just because like darshan is
talking out really hard who he's good
I select her cooking stuff a lot like I
feel like did that feel chic I'm pretty
confident that they're going to be like
top three into the split but digging
immortals I'm still like really iffy on
just cuz like go ahead oh I just because
we didn't touch on a mortal's yet but
they're like but when po belts are said
in his interview where he was like oh
yeah I don't want to say we got lucky
week one but it feels like a lot of
stuff is just going right and then you
see like all the early ganks working out
it kind of does I didn't even explicitly
said that worries like all of our early
players just work and like at some point
someone might figure out like Smithy's
route or they'll just play extra
defensive for the first like five
minutes or something yeah right
smithee's I think smithy is good about
having like really good reactionary
routes if that makes sense
so like he's very good at reacting to
situations and he'll do like the correct
route or even if you figure out his
route they have to like kind of change
the way that you either have to make an
assumption will play to mess him up or
you just trade sides I think typically
is what what is generally what happens
when you play too strong side things
like this as a jungler and I think he's
good at doing that so free that's less
my concern as much as just like I mean
some of these weird situations that they
get in where you have to set up for
Baron and that doesn't go well and why
is this game like why are they suddenly
losing the game after what happened
early in things like listen yeah I am
interesting to me I was interviewing 6a
this weekend and I asked him what he
thought of immortals and he also said
that he thought that they were just
getting lucky
so that interview if I had hope you put
my channel probably tomorrow but it was
interesting to hear that why I just had
to carry mark why don't we like we're
talking about these three and I feel
like sort of sick lt's point a lot of
the conversation is also like how's TSM
doing and how does TSM reflect on these
guys I mean what what how do you feel
about TSM right now in relation to these
three
I feel like TSM is in a little bit of
like their they want to branch out but
they also want to win and so what you
saw them do this weekend was it just
played like the most boring
comps that you can ever imagine but
they're good at those comps and then
they went for oh and like the
competition wasn't super good this week
obviously TL and NV or not you know
world beaters but at the same time I
think that they could pick those against
CLG against c9 they'll play good and
then they'll go late-game and they'll be
better than most teams so like when
they're playing their Gallio mid and b
ryx and can't actually like bully his
lane opponent and then like actually you
know just hit a massive ultimate to win
the game kind of situation then what do
you look a lot worse so I think the
reason people still lumped TSM in is
kind of like the standard for na is
they've made every finals there's
nothing to say that this ability even
though they're struggling a little bit
they won't recover because they always
do so it's kind of like well until a
team kind of definitively shits on TSM
which didn't happen at all like that the
dig loss and the field did oh my god to
else do they lose to digging marble
immortals yeah those those two losses
were vhost like man TSM like got caught
out with a bear and like what the hell
and you could tell that they were
playing super well yeah okay so what's
the verdict on okay so seems like we
believe in CLG I do I didn't hear it
though that they did I think I said I
did yeah okay Kelsey and I mean the
problem is is that I don't know if I
really
believe in any na teams okay what about
all of it whether the content cattle are
really just figuring stuff out so like
it's really hard I think that like with
clg's track record and sort of pieces
that they have in place and their
ability to kind of get things together
they're probably the safest bet of the
three that we mentioned for sure I think
I think dig will probably drop a bit and
what you think about because we don't
know anything about this stuff really
like like nothing definitively about the
stuff we don't have a track record for
then we know that immortals as an
organization even when they've been
strong have really really struggled when
they have to kind of force their players
to play something that they're not
comfortable with or things like this or
struggled with adaptation so that's
always a big question mark because you
know right we'll always have something
at the last minute even though they say
they won't and so I think that that's
like there's always that factor with the
mortals so I guess for me field G is
probably the strongest candidate of the
three for sure